what's going on YouTube so today I have
an unboxing of a poke 4 shot Xbox one
headset and I had to buy this headset
for a couple reasons first off my
headset broke which was the Xbox one
stereo headset so I'm kind of
unfortunate because I needed a new
headset in order to play games and talk
with my friends and so on so I actually
went out and bought this game about this
headset my bad and I've heard pretty
good stuff about it this was $159
but then came down to $79 so I was a
pretty good value and poke make some
pretty good headphones out there ah this
is designed for the Xbox one they sat
down with the Halo developers and the
for the developers to really get a sound
write that which is really important and
a nice gaming headset so the box is
green the headphone is black and you can
see a little slit in there what it
actually looks like and then if we turn
it off we can see everything else on
here here's a picture of the mic when
you're in the chat you can actually use
it with your phone your tablets
computers and stuff like that
and this is the chat headset you this is
including any headset you get for the
Xbox one basically allowing you to
control your volume game chat and stuff
like that and this shows how it
wirelessly connects your Xbox one and
then you got a bunch of little writing
about different features and so on and
so on if you want to read it you can
read it yourself so you might even
noticing now that there's a bunch of
jump cuts and that's because I'm the
only one recording and unboxing it so
it's a little hard doing both at the
same time say something that to do those
low jump cuts in order to actually unbox
this device so now that we got to this
point let's unbox in there might be a
little jump cut once I open this box so
this right here is everything that you
get in the box once you fully unbox it
this right here is the actual headset
and then right there is the actual
adapters that you will use so I just
took that on the box and basically
here's what the headphones look like
they're really soft and there's a lot of
cushioning area in this and I've
actually tested these and they're really
comfortable which is really ideal for a
headset because you mean holy you got
these Gomi on your head
for hours and hours while you're in a
gaming session you want to be really
comfortable so that's the headset this
is the adapter which you can find nearly
everywhere I actually have my own right
I have couple of these so really doesn't
matter but it's nice to have an extra
one and then right here is everything
else that's included in the box right
here you have all your documentation
warranty returns manual etc and right
here is USB to micro-usb this is used to
update your controller to enable the
wireless headset to work and properly
working something like that
alright here is you can use it to listen
to music you plug one into your phone
and one into your headset to just listen
to music here's something similar to
phones there's actually a mic right
there even use and then even with some
music and so on so on but this is the
most important adapter right here that's
called the chat pro mic because when
this mic first launched there's a lot of
problems with the headset because the
Michael is really bad because in case I
didn't show it to you I'll bring the
headset out right here used to be the
only mic and it was such a bad mic
because it's not covering by your mouth
so you doesn't really pick up your audio
well so you literally had a yell in
order for the audio be picked up so
there's a lot of complaints so they
ended up coming out this and this is the
mic it's a lot longer to reach your
mouth and they basically gave that out
to anybody who owns this for free and
now they include it in the box which is
a huge improvement audio quality which
is nice so that this headset works like
it's supposed to so that's basically
everything that's included in the box if
you guys are interested in a review let
me know and I'll make your review as
soon as possible after I get a good
hands-on and testing of this device and
if you haven't already make sure to LIKE
and subscribe but they're really helping
my channel and I'll see you next time